feat: enable schema-related rules for AsyncAPI and Arazzo (#2183)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/tough-keys-compare.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": minor
"@redocly/cli": minor
---

Enabled `no-required-schema-properties-undefined`, `no-schema-type-mismatch`, and `no-enum-type-mismatch` rules for **AsyncAPI** and **Arazzo** specifications.

> Adjusted the rules' severities in the `recommended` and `minimal` rulesets, please refer to the table below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjusted the rules' severities in the `recommended` and `minimal` rulesets. Refer to the following table:
```
